feat: add a 'title' parameter to `openDevTools()` (#39047)
electron/electron: docs/api/web-contents.md

Returns `boolean` - Whether the devtools view is focused .

> #### `contents.getDevToolsTitle()`
> 
> Returns `string` - the title of devtools .
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `contents.getDevToolsTitle()`

Returns `string` - the current title of the devtools window. This will only be visible if devtools is been open in `undocked` or `detach` mode.

```

Reviewer: I also think we'd want to document a separate setter function - `contents.setDevToolsTitle()` or similar. Being exclusively able to set it in `webContents.openDevtools()` feels somewhat clunky.

Returns `boolean` - Whether the devtools view is focused .

#### `contents.getDevToolsTitle()`

Returns `string` - the current title of the devtools window. This will only be visible
if devtools is been open in `undocked` or `detach` mode.

#### `contents.setDevToolsTitle(title)`

* `title` string

> Changes the title of devtools to `title`.This will only be visible if devtools is
> been open in `undocked` or `detach` mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changes the title of the DevTools window to `title`. This will only be visible if DevTools is
opened in `undocked` or `detach` mode.
```
